for this we need 50 grams
butter
65 grams of flour 3
100 grams of sugar a tablespoon and a bowl
next we have to separate the proteins from
yolks and whip whites in a thick foam
Mixer gradually add sugar if
you want you can add
like white sugar and dark myself
better add white that you are a student
turned out more beautiful turned out
add such a bit
stir then cut off the butter
how much do we need
and put it in a bowl to
melt I think constantly 20 seconds
Now we wait while she is slightly
cool for now add nicat
stir and add butter
stir
after we mixed and then
we lay out a big spoon
like small tortillas to me
Sorry on the baking sheet fit only
three flat cakes further on 180 degrees name
one sim 10 minutes old form
yellow and so i set for 9 minutes but
This unfortunately did not have had
put on another five bite
2 minutes left confusing
so 1 minute
Well, that's all first damn as always
lumpy and one spoiled so
try others will get and yes that's what u
we got all three now and there
someone else demands so i think we have
it turns out that 2 of us and so everything
turned out very tasty and left
just eat them